Ahhhh!
Are you all right?
Someone else's bones have been cut
Pay attention to repair it after discharge, thank you doctor.
Sunan that bitch
If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be so insulted
Wait until I get out of the hospital
I will never let him go.
Brother Sleep
I've already interceded with my three cousins
But they really feel sorry for me being bullied.
For a while and a half, this anger can't go away, it doesn't matter
You did your best.
I heard that Third Young Master Su had a dance party in Jiangcheng
Can you get me some tickets?
I want to see him again
Explain to him personally
That's not good.
My third brother is angry now
Are you going to find him now and running into a gun?
The reason why Young Master Su is angry
I just misunderstood, I bullied you, wait for me to tell him
I only bully you
People are sunan
He won't let that bitch go easily
In this way, our family will be saved.
Hello, what's the result?
Hey, Mr. Gu Sunan is indeed not the eldest lady of the Su family
Then why did he talk to the three young masters of the Su family?
The relationship is not ordinary.
As far as I know
Sunan divorced you on the day
I have seen the three young masters of the Su family
And they were laughing and talking.
Seems to be having a good time chatting
I see.
It seems
I underestimated his ability to hook up with men
Oh, Mr. Gu, what should I do next?
He keeps ruining my business.
Of course I won't let him go easily